hi everyone my name is Lila and welcome
to my kitchen I hope everyone had a
wonderful New Year's I know in my last
video I mentioned that I've gone down to
Palm Beach but I also went to New Jersey
to spend some time with my family during
Christmas as well so now I'm very far
behind and I need to get caught up and I
also wanted to do some videos for
Chinese New Year which is coming up on
January 23rd I believe so today I'm
going to be making some pot stickers now
I have another pot sticker recipe which
has the meat filling but these are
vegetarian pot stickers for those of you
who don't eat meat so let's go ahead and
get started on this recipe for this
recipe I'm using a 14 ounce bag of
coleslaw mix a package of potsticker
wrappers if you're vegan make sure to
get the ones without the egg a 15-ounce
can of straw mushrooms stir fry oil
which has the flavors of garlic green
onion and ginger already infused in it
sesame oil and garlic salt first drain
the can of mushrooms and then chop them
into smaller pieces next heat a nonstick
pot on high and add 2 tablespoons of the
stir-fry oil when the oil is hot add the
coleslaw mix mushrooms and a half a
teaspoon of garlic salt stir fry for
about 6 to 7 minutes or until the
cabbage becomes soft make sure to stir
constantly so that the cabbage does not
Brown then remove it from the heat and
let it cool down about 15 minutes once
the filling is cool then it's time to
fill our wrappers place the wrapper on a
plate or work surface add some of the
filling then using your finger wet the
edges with a little bit of water then
fold it in half
sleek the outer edge and then pleat the
entire top edge using your index finger
as a guide
pleat the end and press firmly to seal
then place the finish pot sticker on a
plate and continue wrapping the rest
once all of the wrappers are filled heat
a large nonstick pot that has a
tight-fitting lid on medium-high add one
tablespoon of sesame oil and spread it
around evenly using a paper towel then
add about 15 to 20 pot stickers keep in
mind that you want to space them out so
that you don't overcrowd the pot you may
only be able to add ten or so depending
on the size of your pot next add 1/2 a
cup of water cover and let them cook for
8 minutes or until the water boils out
then remove the lid and let it cook one
more minute then carefully remove them
from the pot and serve enjoy for
complete ingredients and instructions
click the link below thank you for
watching